**********
References
**********

Allsop, N. W., Cork, R. S., and Verhagen, H. J. (2009). A database of major
breakwaters around the world. Coasts, Marine Structures and Breakwaters:
Adapting to Change - Proceedings of the 9th International Conference, 2:676–679.

Battjes, J. A., & Groenendijk, H. W. (2000). Wave height distributions on
shallow foreshores. Coastal Engineering, 40(3), 161–182.
https://doi.org/10.1016/S0378-3839(00)00007-7

Brinch Hansen, J. (1970). A Revised and Extended Formula for Bearing Capacity.
Bulletin No. 28 of the Danish Geotechnical Institute, 5–11.

CERC (1984). Shore protection manual. Vicksburg, Miss: Dept. of the Army,
Waterways Experiment Station, Corps of Engineers, Coastal Engineering Research
Center. https://doi.org/10.5962/bhl.title.47830

CIRIA, CUR, CETMEF (2007). The Rock Manual. The use of rock in hydraulic
engineering (2nd edition). C683, CIRA, London, 2nd edition

Davila Delgado, J. M. and Hofmeyer, H. (2013). Automated generation of
structural solutions based on spatial designs. Automation in Construction,
35:528–541.

Deloitte (2019). Winning with connected construction Digital opportunities in
engineering and construction.

Delta Marine Consultants (2018) Guidelines for Xbloc® Concept Designs. Retrieved
from: https://www.xbloc.com/sites/default/files/domain-671/documents/xbloc-guidelines_2018-671-1532949730287638300.pdf

EurOtop, 2018. Manual on wave overtopping of sea defences and related
structures. An overtopping manual largely based on European research, but for
worldwide application. Van der Meer, J.W., Allsop, N.W.H., Bruce, T., De Rouck,
J., Kortenhaus, A., Pullen, T., Schüttrumpf, H., Troch, P. and Zanuttigh, B.,
http://www.overtopping-manual.com/.

Goda, Y. (1992). the Design of Upright Breakwaters. 547–568.

Goda, Y. (2000). Random Seas and Design of Maritime Structures (2nd ed.).
Singapore: World Scientific.

Hudson, R. Y. (1959). Laboratory investigation of rubble-mound breakwaters.
Journal of the Waterways and Harbors Division, 85, 610–659. Proc. ASCE 85 WW 3,
ASCE, New York, USA

Kweon, H.-M., & Goda, Y. (1996). A parametric model for random wave deformation
by breaking on arbitrary beach profiles. Coastal Engineering Proceedings,
1(25). https://doi.org/10.9753/icce.v25.%p

Laenen, K. (2000). Probabilistisch model voor het vergelijken van twee
golfbrekertype op basis van economische optimalisatie. Master thesis, Delft
University of Technology.

McKinsey&Company (2017). Reinventing Construction: A Route To Higher
Productivity.

Nederlands Normalisatie Instituut (2002). Armourstone - Part 1: Specification
NEN-EN 13383-1:2015. Delft, The Netherlands: Euronorm CEN

Nederlands Normalisatie Instituut (2002). Eurocode - Basis of structural design
NEN-EN 1990:2002. Delft, The Netherlands: Euronorm CEN

Sijbesma, F. B. (2019). A parametric approach to a probabilistic design of
rubble mound slope protection. Master thesis, Delft University of Technology.

Sumer, B. M., & Fredsøe, J. (2000). Experimental study of 2D scour and its
protection at a rubble-mound breakwater. Coastal Engineering, 40(1), 59–87.
https://doi.org/10.1016/S0378-3839(00)00006-5

Takahashi, S. (2002) Design of Vertical Breakwaters, Short course presented at
the 28th ICCE, Cardiff. Updated version of Japanese Reference Document no.34,
Port andHarbour Research Institute, Ministry of Transport, Yokosuka, Japan

Van den Bos, J. and Verhagen, H. (2018). Breakwater Design. Lecture notes,
Delft University of Technology.

Van der Meer, J. W. (1988). "Rock slopes and gravel beaches under wave attack".
Delft University of Technology. Delft, The Netherlands.

van der Meer, J. W. (1998). Geometrical design of coastal structures.
In Geometrical design of coastal structures (pp. 161–175).
https://doi.org/10.1201/9781315141329

Van Gent, M. R. A., Smale, A. J., & Kuiper, C. (2003). Stability of rock slopes
with shallow foreshores. Coastal Structures 2003 - Proceedings of the
Conference, 40733(January), 100–112. https://doi.org/10.1061/40733(147)9

Verruijt, A. (2012). Soill Mechanics. Delft, The Netherlands: TU Delft.
https://geo.verruijt.net/

Winkel, S. (2020). Developing a design automation tool to improve the
breakwater design process. Master thesis, Delft University of Technology.
